README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Colin Lawrence

I'm a Full-Stack Developer and a graduate General Assembly's Full-Stack Software Engineering Program. I am passionate about building dynamic, responsive, and scalable web applications. With experience in both front-end and back-end technologies, I enjoy turning ideas into code and creating impactful digital experiences.

## 🚀 Tech Stack
- **Languages**: JavaScript, TypeScript, Python
- **Frameworks & Libraries**: Flask, Express, Node.js, Django
- **Databases**: MongoDB, PostgreSQL

## 🌟 Featured Projects
- [The Jim Kelly Team](https://thejimkellyteam.com): A realtor team site with live listings, reviews, an email.js contact form and Framer-Motion animations.
- [Bestpresso](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/bestspresso-front-end): A full-featured E-Commerce platform for coffee.
- [Hold or Fold](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/Hold-or-Fold): A PvP crypto betting experience.
- [Resumania](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/Resumania): A game about the job market.

## 🎯 About Me
When I’m not coding, I’m either at the gym, diving into the latest video game, or tinkering with electronics.

📫 Reach out or check out what I’m building next!

Commit message:

Add Spellcarved project to README
Added Spellcarved project to the featured projects list.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Colin Lawrence

I'm a Full-Stack Developer and a graduate General Assembly's Full-Stack Software Engineering Program. I am passionate about building dynamic, responsive, and scalable web applications. With experience in both front-end and back-end technologies, I enjoy turning ideas into code and creating impactful digital experiences.

## 🚀 Tech Stack
- **Languages**: JavaScript, TypeScript, Python
- **Frameworks & Libraries**: Flask, Express, Node.js, Django
- **Databases**: MongoDB, PostgreSQL

## 🌟 Featured Projects
- [The Jim Kelly Team](https://thejimkellyteam.com): A realtor team site with live listings, reviews, an email.js contact form and Framer-Motion animations.
- [Bestpresso](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/bestspresso-front-end): A full-featured E-Commerce platform for coffee.
- [Spellcarved](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/spellcarved): A 2D top down rouge-like build with C# and Unity
- [Hold or Fold](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/Hold-or-Fold): A PvP crypto betting experience.
- [Resumania](https://github.com/ColinLawrence95/Resumania): A game about the job market.

## 🎯 About Me
When I’m not coding, I’m either at the gym, diving into the latest video game, or tinkering with electronics.

📫 Reach out or check out what I’m building next!
